---
source: "ilmfeed.com/6-muslim-beliefs-jesus-every-christian-must-know/"

title: 'Muslim Beliefs About Jesus (peace be upon him)'

description: 'Muslim beliefs about the Messiah'

og_image: https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ViKewIp0LMU/maxresdefault.jpg

header:
  image: https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ViKewIp0LMU/maxresdefault.jpg
  teaser: https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ViKewIp0LMU/maxresdefault.jpg

author_profile: false
---

Muslims and Christians have much in common. After all, it was the then Christian king of Abyssinia who granted
refuge to early Muslims who were fleeing persecution from the
pagans of Makkah. They were advised to go there by the Prophet Muhammad
himself (peace be upon him).

The following is how Muslims view Jesus (peace be upon him).

### 1\. One cannot be a Muslim without believing in Jesus

Muslims must believe in and respect all of the prophets in order to be counted
as a believer. From Adam to Noah and from Moses to Jesus up to the final
prophet, Muhammad (peace be upon them all).

> Say, [O believers], "We have believed in Allah and what has been revealed to
us and what has been revealed to Abraham and Ishmael and Isaac and Jacob and
the Descendants and what was given to Moses and Jesus and what was given to
the prophets from their Lord. We make no distinction between any of them, and
we are Muslims [in submission] to Him." Quran, 2:136


### 2\. He had a miraculous birth

Muslims also believe Jesus was born miraculously without a father to the
Virgin Mary. His mother is also respected and venerated across the world by
Muslims and she is known to have been a pious and devout person. An entire
chapter of the Quran is named after her.

### 3\. He performed miracles

Muslims believe Jesus performed many miracles such as creating a bird from
clay or curing the blind and leper and bringing the dead back to life.

> And [make him] a messenger to the Children of Israel, [who will say],
'Indeed I have come to you with a sign from your Lord in that I design for you
from clay [that which is] like the form of a bird, then I breathe into it and
it becomes a bird by permission of God . And I cure the blind and the leper,
and I give life to the dead - by permission of God. And I inform you of what
you eat and what you store in your houses. Indeed in that is a sign for you,
if you are believers. Quran, 3:49

Notice how God explains that all the miracles were carried out only with the
permission of God lest people start thinking he was God.

### 4. He is not God

Muslims believe he was one of the greatest prophets sent by God but he was not
divine. Muslims do not believe he was the son of God or God incarnate, they
believe he was a human being who was given the task of conveying the message
to the people and to preach that there is only One God.

### 5\. He was not crucified

Christian belief holds that Jesus was crucified but Muslims differ. Muslims
believe Jesus was raised to the heavens by God and instead, one of his foes
was made to look like him who was crucified instead.

> And [for] their saying, "Indeed, we have killed the Messiah, Jesus, the son
of Mary, the messenger of Allah ." And they did not kill him, nor did they
crucify him; but [another] was made to resemble him to them. And indeed, those
who differ over it are in doubt about it. They have no knowledge of it except
the following of assumption. And they did not kill him, for certain. Quran
4:157

### 6\. Jesus will return

Muslims believe Jesus will return before the final days and will establish
peace and justice on Earth. As part of a longer narration, the Prophet
Muhammad is reported to have said:

> "By the one whose hands my life is in, surely the Son of Mary will descend
amongst you as a just ruler " Sahih Al Bukhari

