---
source: "hadithoftheday.com/my-name-is-mariem-and-this-is-how-i-accepted-islam/"

title: "My Name is Diana and This is How I accepted Islam"

description: "I was raised in a Catholic family"

og_image: "mariem.jpg"

header:
  image:  "mariem.jpg"
  teaser: "mariem.jpg"

---

Allah works in mysterious ways.

My name is Diana and I live in Texas, USA.

My life is an evidence of that. A brief background about me, I'm currently a
pediatrician-in-training in the United States and was raised in a Catholic
family in the Philippines. Alhamdulilah I was able to build my faith in my
younger years. I started to have doubts about my religion when I was in
college. Still, I did the practices and prayers despite my questions. I even
volunteered to be a liturgy reader during the masses and always lead prayers
and rosaries. My faith in God grew more day by day and that made me even
consider becoming a nun in the future. I continued to suppress all my queries
until I started residency training.

For some, they may say they have not experienced the lowest point in their
lives. Two years ago, I did. I had the most difficult time getting accepted in
a residency program and passing the last step of the licensure exam in the US.
That, I can say, was the lowest state I had ever been in my life. Being
someone who always did well in life, those made me think about my existence,
which opened the door to Islam. As a resident, I was able to work with a lot
of Muslims. I came to know that they are the kindest and most patient people.
One time during a call in my first year of training, I was able to witness two
of my co-residents pray.

After hearing the surahs and watching them pray, I felt moved and at peace. I
also became more curious. I became more observant and inquisitive as I
continued to work with my Muslim co-residents. With the help of my close
friend, Mohamed, I got to learn more about the religion. I watched
documentaries and videos, read books and articles, talked to people. Little by
little things made sense to me, reconciling how I was since I was young and
how I am now. Why I felt so different in my family and group of friends.

Why I had those questions. Why I was born and raised this way. I found my
answers, and in my heart I knew that I believe in one God, I knew I was a
Muslim. As simple as that. But I still had my hesitations that stopped me from
taking the shahadah. I knew that it'll be a difficult transition, being from a
Catholic family, there will be a lot to study and learn as a new Muslim, and
my family and friends may not be as accepting. But after learning about Islam,
I knew that I could never go back to my previous religion. I know I have changed.

One day, an angel fell from the sky, and that's when I formally considered
taking the leap of faith. A little girl, Malak (that was her name),
accidentally fell from a window and she became my patient. That lead me to
talking to my former co-resident, Marwa. She visited Malak in the hospital
and I was able to ask her more questions about Islam. She advised that I talk
to one of her closest friends who is a revert, Salma. And luckily, she was
going to visit Malak that same day as well. I felt so blessed. I was able to
talk to Salma and asked her questions about converting, and how all of the
difficulties will be worth it. Afterwards, I kept thinking about it,
considered my options.

In the end, there was no other option but to embrace the religion. Marwa
suggested that I go to the masjid to meet the sheikh so that my other
questions will be answered, at the same time I can attend jumuah. I went there
with my haphazardly worn hijab and modest clothing on a Friday. I felt very at
peace and comfortable the entire time, sitting on the carpet, watching other
Muslimas pray. I was then given books about Islam to read, and the sheikh,
Yehiah, set an appointment with me to discuss my questions.

Two days after jumuah, I went to the masjid by myself and met with the sheikh.
He compared with me Catholicism and Islam, the bible vs the Quran, life as a
Muslim and a non-Muslim. He consolidated all the knowledge that I had, both
old and new. And the conclusion was this: I have been a Muslim a long time ago
and it's time to take the shahadah. I just needed a little encouragement. So I
did. On August 30th 2015, that's when Allah changed my life for the better.
All the anxiety and worry disappeared. I went home like a new person, very
eager to start a new journey.

It was an amazing pre-Islam journey. There were a lot of bumps on the road,
but Alhamdulilah, I made it through. My faith in Allah is growing even more,
and my knowledge of Islam is increasing as well. I feel so blessed to be
chosen to be a Muslim, Allah knows what I need in this life, and Islam will
make me a better person, worshipping Him, living my life the way He decreed it.
