---
source: "khaleejtimes.com/ramadan-2017/i-was-called-to-become-a-muslim-after-i-heard-adhan"

title: "Hearing the Adhan Triggered my Guidance Journey"

description: "Malik fervently studied the Holy Quran, attended Islamic studies and even emerged on top of his batch during exams on Islam"

og_image: Samuel-Malik-Manzano.jpg

header:
  image:  Samuel-Malik-Manzano.jpg
  teaser: Samuel-Malik-Manzano.jpg
---


When Filipino expat Samuel Malik Manzano, 46, first arrived in Dubai in
February 2008, his attention was immediately drawn to the Adhan (call to
prayer) for the Asr or afternoon prayer.

Because it was foreign to his ears, at first he did not understand any word
uttered by the muezzin. But it did not stop him from appreciating the
melodious sound. "It was very expressive - both pious and poetic," he said.

From then on, the voice from the minaret of the nearby mosque at his
accommodation in Naif, Deira, has become a regular fixture for him from before
the break of dawn until he goes to bed at night.

He was amazed at how the faithful respond to Adhan and his curiosity led him
to look deeper into his own spirituality. Despite being born to parents who
are both Christian preachers - Malik's family belong to a Christian
denomination called Jehovah's Witnesses who are known for their door-to-door
preaching and distribution of Biblical literature - he told Khaleej Times that
he himself wasn't particularly devout.

But he wanted to establish a strong relationship with God. So, he went to the
Islamic Centre in Abu Hail, where he immersed himself in Arabic and Islamic
Studies.

Another reason for his spiritual journey was to erase the pervading stereotype
about Muslims. "Back in my hometown, because of prejudice and ignorance, we
had this notion that 'Allahu akbar' is a battle cry uttered by someone who is
about to perform jihad and blow himself up along with innocent people," Malik,
who is the Dubai administrator of SMPII (Sangguniang Masang Pilipino
International Inc.), told Khaleej Times.

"I was wrong. I learned and fully understood that Islam is a religion of peace
- and I experienced first-hand in Dubai about religious tolerance and how
people of various religions can live in peaceful co-existence," he added.

Malik fervently studied the Holy Quran, attended Islamic studies and even
emerged on top of his batch during exams on Islam. He fully embraced Islam and
became a Muslim on a propitious day: 10-10-10 or October 10, 2010, at age 40.

"I then adopted the name Malik, which is one of the Names of God in the
Qur'an, and fully submitted myself to the will of Allah (SWT). When I recited
the Shahada (oral declaration of faith) and uttered the words 'La ilaha
illallah, Muhammadun rasulullah' (which translates to "I testify that there is
no other god but Allah, and Muhammad is God's messenger), I did it will full
conviction," Malik said.

He added: "I felt like I was reborn, and I'm now living in God's grace. And it
all started when I heard my first Adhan."
