---
sources: "https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/76d97c/serious_muslims_of_reddit_whats_a_misconception/?st=j9qx5drt&sh=922f2cb5"
title: ''
header:
  image: ''
  teaser: ''
author_profile: false
published: true
---



the divinity of Jesus was debated in the council of Nicea. And that's where the all Jesus being the son of God, and the Holy Trinity comes from
Could Jesus saying he's the son of God be a later interpolation?

From what I understand, the council of Nicea is often oversimplified in the way it's presented.
What actually was going on was that people were trying to understand how the Christian Scriptures were/are relatively clear about the deity of Jesus AND the humanity of Jesus, and the hot question became: how is Jesus both God and man?
And so you had views that would lean one way or another, such as the idea that perhaps Jesus was just a man who became filled with God's Spirit and somewhat became God at His baptism. Or you'd have other views saying that He was really just God in a type of human shell.

The Christological controversy at Nicaea itself was fairly simple: Arianism vs. Trinitarianism. Arius taught that the divinity of the Father was supreme and, thus, greater than that of the Son's. Indeed, he taught, the Son was not divine in himself, nor was he eternal. Rather, he was created by the Father, the first of the Father's creation and was granted divinity by the will of the Father. Thus, he is a lesser being than the Father and is not God.
The Trinitarians maintained that the Father and the Son are co-equal in divinity and that the Son is divine; begotten, not made; of the same substance as the Father.
So, there were two primary views at the Council regarding Christology (though the Council dealt with other business), but the consequence of the triumph of Trinitarianism included the declaration of other views as heresy, as well, including adoptionism, which seems to be the view you're discussing in your comment. But the Arian Controversy dealt more with the question of "What is the relationship between the Father and the Son" rather than "How is Jesus both God and man?"

Jesus never claimed he was divine. It was attributed to him by others. What he says on the matter is rather vague.

{% include ads/aam-top-t7t-titlewfbshr.html %}


{% include ads/ad-flwst-1.html %}



{% include ads/ad-flwst-2.html %}
